requirement on party verification (#447)
ietf-wg-gnap/gnap-core-protocol: draft-ietf-gnap-core-protocol.md

TLS functions at the socket layer, ensuring that only the parties on either end of that socket
connection can read the information passed along that connection. Each time a new socket connection

> is made, such as for a new HTTP request, a new trust is re-established that is unrelated to previous

Author: ok

> connections. It is not possible with TLS alone to know that the same party is making
> a set of calls. Hence the methods {{binding-keys}} described in GNAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connections. In other words, it is not possible with TLS alone to know that the same party is making
a set of calls over time, since each time a new TLS connection is established, both the client and the server (or the server only when using {{mtls}}) have to validate
the other party's identity. Such a verification can be achieved via methods described in {{!I-D.ietf-uta-6125bis}}), but these are not enough to establish the identity of the client instance in many cases.

To counter this, GNAP defines a set of key binding methods in {{binding-keys}} that allow authentication and
proof of possession by the caller, which is usually the client instance. These methods are intended to be used in
addition to TLS on all connections.

```
